Document Blob file naming in AJAX framework (#451)
octobercms/docs: ajax-javascript-api.md

------------- | -------------
**update** | an object, specifies a list partials and page elements (as CSS selectors) to update: {'partial': '#select'}. If the selector string is prepended with the `@` symbol, the content received from the server will be appended to the element, instead of replacing the existing content.
**confirm** | the confirmation string. If set, the confirmation is displayed before the request is sent. If the user clicks the Cancel button, the request cancels.

> **data** | an optional object specifying data to be sent to the server along with the form data: {var: 'value'}. When `files` is true, you may also include Blobs in the data. To give a Blob a filename, you can set a `filename` property on the Blob object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**data** | an optional object specifying data to be sent to the server along with the form data: {var: 'value'}. When `files` is true, you may also include files to be uploaded in this object by using [`Blob` objects](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob). To specify the filename of any `Blob` objects, simply set the `filename` property on the `Blob` object. (Ex. `var blob = new Blob(variable); blob.filename = 'test.txt'; var data = {'uploaded_file': blob};`)
```
